feat: added potential initiatives for 2023 (#854)
nodejs/security-wg: README.md

The program is managed through the HackerOne platform at [https://hackerone.com/nodejs](https://hackerone.com/nodejs) with further details.

## Current Initiatives

We are currently defining the Initiatives for 2023, [feel free to participate](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/846).

| Initiative           | Champion                                         | Status                                   | Links
|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------
| Permission Model | [@RafaelGSS](https://github.com/RafaelGSS) |  PR In Review | [PR #44004](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/44004)

> | Automate update dependencies | [@facutuesca](https://github.com/facutuesca) | Well defined | [Issue #828](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/828)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Automate update dependencies | [@facutuesca](https://github.com/facutuesca) | In Progress | [Issue #828](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/828)
```

> | Flag to emit a warning when vulnerable | [@RafaelGSS](https://github.com/RafaelGSS)  | Started TSC Discussion | _pending_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Flag to emit a warning when vulnerable | [@RafaelGSS](https://github.com/RafaelGSS)  | Evaluation | _pending_
```

| Enforce communication with Node.js dependencies | N/A | Under discussion | [Issue #846](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/846)
| Explore using SigStore to sign our releases | N/A | Under discussion | [Issue #846](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/846)
| Figure out how we stand in terms of key supply chain standards/frameworks | N/A | Under discussion | [Issue #846](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/846)
| Explore how the projects stand on the OSSF Scorecard | N/A | Under discussion | [issue #851](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/851)

> | Better versioning and management of tools need to build/update dependencies | N/A | Under discussion | [Issue #846](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/846)

Reviewer: I think we should wait to include these ones. Once we all agree in the meeting that's doable or creates a discussion to evaluate its possibility, we add it here.

Author: sounds great!

Reviewer: Could you remove?

Author: Thanks for the ping 🙂. Done in [579728b](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/pull/854/commits/579728b50f6baec4786282902adb10e27620331d)
